Bye.
>> Okay, goodbye. [music]
>> Okay, goodbye.
>> Bye.
>> I just want to start the day by saying
thank you to whoever put the little thin
strip of slate on this otherwise
cobblestone road [music] for people on
bikes and skateboards. Cobblestone,
cobblestone, smooth slate.
>> [music]
>> Are you guys getting married?
>> We are.
>> Yes.
>> Has it happened yet?
>> Not yet. About to.
>> At City Hall?
>> Yeah.
>> Congratulations. Congratulations to you.
>> Can we Can we get a picture?
>> Yeah, let's do it.
Congrats, guys.
>> [music]
>> Hope you have a great wedding.
We've got
one fire truck, two fire trucks, three
fire trucks, four fire trucks, five fire
trucks.
Five Five fire trucks outside my office.
Might Might have a situation.
So, GoPro recently sent me this huge
case, and in it
was their new camera, the Mission 1
Pro. I have some thoughts on the new
camera and thoughts on GoPro in general.
>> [music]
>> In the last decade or so, GoPro has seen
their entire market just eaten away by
DJI and Insta360. And for disclosure, I
work with Insta360. I do paid brand
deals with them. They make great
products. GoPro GoPro kind of they
failed to keep up with innovation and
they've mostly been shipping iterative
improvements. Like these two cameras are
different. I'm not sure I can tell you
what's different about them. But I'm
rooting for them. Like GoPro GoPro's
responsible. They deserve all the credit
for introducing an entirely new genre of
cinematography which is action camera
cinematography. So here's my thoughts on
on what's what they're doing with this.
This is a this is a professional camera.
It's priced like a professional camera
at 700 bucks or 699. It's big. It's
heavy. If you look at the footage it
kicks out like this is a professional
camera. So my guess based on that is
that GoPro is trying to focus on that
part of the market. Like real
professionals. Like most consumers that
used to buy GoPros now like like me when
I need a GoPro mostly I just use the
wide angle camera on my iPhone. It's
it's good enough. But if you're a pro
and you need the best that's what
GoPro's serving. Like in addition to
this they're making one of these that
has an interchangeable lens.
>> It fits any micro 4/3 lens.
>> The downside the downside of that is
that the professional market is much
smaller than the consumer market but
there's a reason why companies like
Leica and Hasselblad and like really pro
camera companies continue to succeed and
it's because they're serving a very
specific market. And I think maybe
that's what GoPro's going for with this.
Regardless I'm rooting for them.
Congrats on this GoPro.
Um
can't wait to use it.
So
not all cities have this but New York
City has a number of Japanese markets.
They're my favorite place to eat. Today
I'm going to my favorite Japanese
market.
>> [music]
[music]
>> So the food here falls into two
categories. healthy and unhealthy.
There's a correlation between unhealthy
and healthy and really good and just
fine.
This is the most delicious section in
all of the Sunrise Market.
>> You guys like fried chicken?
>> Chicken wings, man.
>> [music]
>> This is the healthy section.
>> Hi.
>> Uh how are you?
>> or to go?
>> Uh to go, [music] please.
>> No, thank you. Thank you very much.
>> Thank you.
They do have a dine-in option, but uh
we're going to take it to go. Nice day
out.
>> [music]
>> All of our benches are occupied.
>> It's crowded today, man.
>> And did I
Did I break it? Could have been cool.
>> Did you break it?
>> [laughter]
[music]
>> Okay, this was totally accidental, but a
little bit [music] embarrassing. Look at
my outfit.
Jordan has on the exact same
but hold on.
Exact same outfit, but opposite colors.
We look like
we look like clowns or that we work in a
restaurant or something.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Where's Marlon?
Marlon?
Marlon's here somewhere. He just got
back from vacation.
There he is.
How was vacation?
>> Very good. Very good. I did nothing.
>> Were you home the whole time?
It was your birthday?
>> Yeah, Saturday.
>> Happy birthday, Marlon.
>> Thank you, man.
>> 44, 42, 38, 29.
>> stop at 45.
>> 45.
>> You know, 45.
>> I saw you out my window and I came
running over and you weren't here. You
look relaxed, Marlon.
>> I'm good, man.
Listen to me, I'm at a good place, you
know?
>> The vacation help?
>> The vacation help. I have a lot of
things to complain about. You want me to
start complaining?
>> No, I don't.
>> You good. But it's like
>> [laughter]
>> it's like you got to put things in the
perspective, man. You know what I'm
saying?
>> For sure.
Most people forget that perspective.
They forget how good they got it.
>> Yeah, you got to put it in the
perspective, man.
>> My night is better having seen you,
Marlon.
I'm glad I didn't go home without you.
Have a good night. Bye, Marlon.
I love that guy.
>> [music]